**This repo is obsolete. It was created for ACM CCS 2017 submissions, and should not be used for final papers or other conferences.**

# Templates for ACM CCS 2017 Submissions

Since the new ACM templates do not quite work, this repository is a
cleaned up version of the template for use in ACM CCS 2017.

For sumbissions to CCS 2017, you will need [acmart.cls](/acmart.cls)
and [ACM-Reference-Format.bst](/ACM-Reference-Format.bst) and should
use the template in [ccs-template.tex](/ccs-template.tex).

The page limit for CCS submissions is at most 12 pages body content
using this format, with any number of additional pages for the
bibliography, well-marked appendices, and any desired supplementary
material.  When relevant, submitters may include reviews from past
submissions and responses to them in the supplementary material.
Reviewers are not required to consider the appendices or supplementary
material, however, so submissions need to be intelligible and
convincing without them.  Submissions not meeting these guidelines, or
playing games to work around page limits, will be rejected by the PC
chairs without review.  In particular, papers should not use squeezing
tricks to adjust the (already very dense) ACM paper format, and moving
discussion of key related work or important definitions to appendices
may be grounds for rejection.

This is forked from the [2017 ACM Proceedings
Template](https://www.acm.org/publications/proceedings-template) but
modified to be easier to use and not require authors to build the
`.cls` file (which is not included in the ACM distribution)
themselves. A few tweaks were made to produce a better output for
paper submissions.

To keep things small and simple, unnecessary parts of the ACM
repository have been removed from this repository. If you want
examples of more complex formatting, see the example files there. If
you are using something other than LaTeX, you will need to follow the
directions there for other platforms.
